Cuteseal support
----------------

Cuteseal support is intended for laggy network connections to
eliminate the network lag from move time. Cuteseal moves timing from
the cutechess server to the remote engine side of the network
connection. This is achieved by running the engine with
cuteseal-remote-runner, which adds timing info for all input and
output commands. Cutechess-cli then uses this timing info to calculate
move times correctly without the effect of the network lag.


Usage
-----

First, compile the cutechess remote runner:

    cd cuteseal-remote-runner
    ./compile.sh

Then, to enable cuteseal support for a remote engine, launch is as
follows in engines.json:

        "command": "<tceccutechess-path>/cuteseal-remote-runner/cuteseal-remote-runner stockfish",

Then, set cuteseal="true" in the cutechess-cli launch parameters. For
example:

	-engine conf="Stockfish Cuteseal" tc="1+0.1" cuteseal="true"

This tells cutechess that the engine input/output uses cuteseal.

Run cuteseal-remote-runner without parameters for a usage and
explanation on the cuteseal protocol layer.

You can also launch the engine with cuteseal-remote-runner on your
console, as you'd do with any other engine:

	 ./cuteseal-remote-runner stockfish

You can then send the usual commands such as 'uci' and 'go
infinite'. Or try:

	 ./cuteseal-remote-runner stockfish bench

Cuteseal has one extra input command prefix that sets a timeout for
the engine to send the 'bestmove' command. This is:

       cuteseal-deadline <ns> <command ...>

For example:

       cuteseal-deadline 1100000000 go movetime 1000

to ensure that bestmove is received within 1.1 sec. If not, a "STATUS
TIMEOUT" message will be sent back to inform that the engine did not
respond in time. Receiving this message triggers the Cutechess server
to immediately forfeit the game due to timeout.

Finally, send USR1 signal to the runner process (note: runner, not
engine!) to request a status report. This can be useful to determine
whether the runner is still alive in case the engine becomes
unresponsive.
